All right, first-years, introduce yourselves.
Yes, sir!
I-I'm Sugawara Koushi from Nagamushi Junior High!
I played setter!
Thank you for having me!
I-I'm Azumane Asahi from Seikoudai Junior High!
I played left wing spiker! Thank you for hafing mwe!
I bit my tongue!
I'm Sawamura Daichi from Izumitate Junior High!
I played left wing spiker!
After seeing Karasuno's match at nationals, I decided I would come here!
Thank you for having me!
Oh, I see. That's great.
Let's aim to win at nationals!
Yes, sir!
Oh, I'm Tashiro.
I guess you could call me the captain of this team.
All right. I'll stop by again once you guys are done.
Yes, sir!
All right, let's start practice!
Okay!
Um... That teacher was the advisor, right?
Do we have a coach or anyone else like that?
Nope.
That was Kurokawa from Hisa Junior High, right?
Do you know him?
Our schools played each other.
I remember him being really good at both offense and defense.
Seriously? That's awesome.
We finally made it to the Karasuno!
Hey, Kurokawa.
Tell me the secret behind receiving serves.
I'm the type that goes right for the ball once the other team hits it.
I see...
Clean up!
Okay!
Hey, even though there's a tournament coming up, we haven't had many practice matches, have we?
They were saying that ever since Coach Ukai left, we've lost connections with other schools.
Even the school we've been doing practice matches with until recently turned us down.
What? Why?
They don't see any value in wasting their time with us.
I knew that Karasuno wasn't the same team as before.
But I thought that if we kept practicing, we could get people excited again.
It wasn't like the team was fighting each other, or that we were in some sort of hopeless situation.
Yet...
there was this fear that we were slowly losing our way.
Um!
Could I stay behind and practice a little more?!
I'll make sure to lock up!
M-Me too!
Me three!
We'll let the advisor know too!
Sure.
We can't go on like this!
It may seem like there's time, but there isn't!
You totally sound like a teacher!
Are you really the same age as us, Sawamura?
Even if we only pick up loose balls, there are still things we can do!
Figure out where he's going to hit it from his form!
Hey! Why did you catch that?
I-I'm sorry!
We'll think and act on our own.
We'll do everything that we possibly can right now.
Starting tomorrow, we have the interhigh prelims.
Let's do our best so that we don't have any regrets.
Right!
Let's aim to win at nationals!
Hey, I've been thinking this for a while, but why don't we aim for something more attainable?
What?
They say that aiming for goals that are too high is connected to losing confidence.
Wh-What the hell?
Every time I would mention winning at nationals, you would just scoff and ignore me.
Now you want to argue with me?!
What the hell?!
Why the hell does this make me happy, damn it?!
Huh?! Why would I know?!
I don't feel like we're working toward a common goal yet, but we have a better vibe than before!
And we all share the desire to win the upcoming match!
We're gonna win this thing!
Yeah!
And so, in the Miyagi qualifiers for the interhigh...
Karasuno lost in the second round,
and the third-years retired.
The crows have had their wings clipped.
We started working together way too late.
You know how they say, "Chance favors only the prepared mind," right?
There's a chance that Karasuno may never get better.
And even if they do, it could be years from now.
Still, if the chance appears, you'd better grab it!
Now.
We have to go now.
This is that chance!
They clearly didn't prepare for Hinata's block, so that's definitely shaking them up.
That itself is a subtle crack in their armor,
and the wind's definitely blowing in our favor right now.
Here's a chance to score!
Damn it!
Don't give up the tiny lead you've fought so hard for!
Goshiki!
Damn it! I started moving a second late!
There's no way they can just ignore Hinata's style of blocking where he suddenly pops up!
It's definitely going to be a straight spike!
Leave it to me!
All right!
Nice spike, Asahi!
Couldn't let Hinata and Tanaka take all the glory.
Kageyama, you made a great receive too.
Thanks.
His serve is powerful!
We have to stop him here!
Right!
Nishinoya!
Sorry! It went long!
Hold it, Tsutomu!
Karasuno's setter is in the back row right now.
He can't do a setter dump. Watch carefully...
He's already there!
All right!
Damn it!
They're still as sharp as ever even this far into the match.
They must be stamina monsters.
Man.
That move's gotta be hard to repeat, no much how much they practiced it.
Shiratorizawa!
We're counting on you!
Number ten finally moved to the back row.
Shiratorizawa!
Tsukki! Don't lose to Hinata!
What?!
Shiratorizawa!
It's not like we're competing.
Hey.
Huh?
We're counting on you!
Shiratorizawa!
Right!
I can do my part, but can you?
Shiratorizawa!
Well, I practiced with Akaashi, so...
He's practicing with Fukurodani's setter?!
I'm super jealous!
Hinata!
Shiratorizawa!
Sit down.
The rest of this match is going to be a test of stamina. Rest while you can!
Shiratorizawa!
Yes, sir.
I don't want to lose to Hinata either.
This time, I'm definitely going to create my own chance!
Give us a good serve, Yamaguchi!
Huh?
Looks like he's going to hit really close to the edge this time.
Your serve will become a weapon.
Just concentrate on hitting it straight.
Right to where Ushiwaka is!
Yes! We broke through!
And... Goshiki!
Right!
Ushiwaka will have to set!
Three blockers!
Don't underestimate me.
I'm going to break through!
I hit it!
Get back here!
Nice save!
A one-man delayed timing attack.
You're not the only one
who was preparing a new move at the training camp, Hinata.
All right!
Karasuno scored back-to-back points!
That first-year is pretty ballsy.
Damn it, Tsukishima! Damn it... Nice spike, Tsukki!
Yer lowerin' your elbows!
You'll even miss the easy stuff like that!
You've got those huge bodies of yours!
So you need to be more, like... Dynamic?
Yeah, that!
Shiratorizawa!
It's true that Karasuno's defense has been evolving during this match,
even if it's just a stopgap.
Shiratorizawa!
But...
There is no such thing as a defense without holes.
Shiratorizawa!
Do it again, Yamaguchi!
It's over! Up front!
Got it!
Damn it.
Ushiwaka's spikes aren't easing up.
But since he's spiked so many times, he must be feeling it in his legs by now.
Yeah.
If he keeps going like this, he'll eventually reach the end of his reserves.
Go, Asahi!
Got it!
Their timing was off!
Wow, talk about lucky!
My heart tightened like crazy!
But it all worked out in the end!
They're at set point!
It's their first best-of-five match, and their opponents are regulars at nationals.
From the fourth set onward is unexplored territory for Karasuno.
He's able to complete the ridiculous attacks number ten starts,
and he's been doing it the whole time like it's nothing.
Precision is probably expected of him more than anyone else.
And since he faces more pressure from the opponent's blockers than anyone else,
he touches the ball more than anyone else playing.
Looks like that guy might've reached his limit first.
Sorry.
It's creepy when you apologize, so could you not?
What?!
See? You're fine.
Give us a good serve, Daichi!
Up front!
Ushijima!
All right!
Damn it.
Could that be their second pinch server?
Since it's Shiratorizawa, I'm sure they've got a deep bench.
Please just don't bring this to a deuce.
Let's go!
A jump float serve!
Sorry!
Azumane!
He dug it out!
Watch Ushiwaka!
Wakatoshi!
Here we go.
Ready, and... jump!
Shit!
When you defend a part of the court,
you have to sacrifice another part of the court.
If you brace for a powerful hit and move back,
then the front will be open.
Nice spike, Ushijima!
Ushijima!
They were totally aiming for the open space...
Shiratorizawa!
I thought Kageyama would still be able to get that.
He must be exhausted.
Shiratorizawa!
Is the exhausted little setter gonna have to face the deuce of despair?
The only time I'll ever feel despair...
is when I won't be able to play volleyball anymore.
Shiratorizawa!
All of you guys are monsters.
All right, here we go!
The positioning of the defense is fine as-is.
You're able to follow up on partial blocks.
Yes, sir!
Can you keep going, Kageyama?
Of course.
If you get worn out, I can switch with you whenever!
I won't wear out!
Daichi!
It's not dropping.
All right!
Yes!
Now they're at set point again.
It's a deuce again.
It's fine! They'll be able to...
Ugh!
Talk about bad timing.
Bring it!
Wakatoshi, the miracle boy!
I can't believe that just happened.
Now Shiratorizawa is at match point.
If they score again, it's all over.
One more point! One more point!
You can do it... You can do it!
Nishinoya!
Damn demon serve!
Here's our chance!
Crap!
Goddammit!
Yes!
They stopped it!
They survived the match point!
That's amazing!
Hey, could you not just run into me?
It's not like you're Hinata.
Jump up. Up.
What?!
There's no way that'd count as bumping into you!
You just don't have the training to take it!
You two!
Seriously, give me a break!
I can feel my lifespan shortening!
Hmph. This ain't nothing.
Says the guy who was panicking when Shiratorizawa had a chance to score.
It ain't nothing.
This is nothing compared to when they stopped being a powerhouse school and didn't gather any attention.
I'm expecting great things from you, Karasuno!
Whoa, what?
Who's that?
N-No idea...
That old fart's still coming to our matches?
I guess we can't let him down, then.
Get out there!
For me, the most annoying person isn't an opposing blocker.
It's him.
All right!
We're going to win!
Go, go, Karasuno! Push it, push it, Karasuno!
Hey, Tiredpants.
No matter how shitty your sets are, I can hit them!
My sets are never shitty.
Roger!
If Sugawara is coming in as a pinch server right now,
that means Kageyama is going to be the setter for the rest of this set.
Well, nothing good would come of suddenly switching them right now.
Land a good serve, Suga!
Reon! Up front!
Nice receive!
Your beautiful form... is falling apart!
It's out!
Yes!
I think it'd be okay to rely on the left wing spiker a bit more, but Kageyama sure is confident.
It's a silent plea.
No matter how tired he is or how tense things get, he doesn't plan on letting up with the attacks.
He wants the opposing middle blocker to have to keep his guard up.
Bring it!
That was good!
Up front!
Here's our chance to score!
It's short!
Volleyball is a sport where you can't hold the ball.
You need to always be touching it.
I don't care if you use your hand or foot.
You need to control that moment as though the ball
were a part of your body.
His body's moving right, yet he used his left hand.
All right!
They're turning misfortune into fortune, or something like that.
D'ya have glue on your feet or somethin', idjits?
You could've gotten that ball!
Wow... They finally tied it up!
Seriously?
Nice one, Hinata!
That was a good reaction!
Thanks!
This is our best opportunity.
If the chance appears,
you'd better grab it!
We can do this.
Let's go!
Nice save.
If you think it's nice, at least say it with a nice face!
More importantly, Kageyama.
We get to play another set!
Yeah.
When we were first-years, for about six months, I called you "Hafing Mwe" in my head, Asahi.
You even sorta looked like a foreigner.
Actually, you called me that quite a few times out loud too.
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
"Obsession."
Got a wish that can't be forced through
Barely hanging on and staying true
With a little help from timing and your crew
You can still stay standing
Wanna take the fight head-on
Might get lost, but keep on keeping on
'Cause that's where your chance lies
The rest is up to you, yes
The rest is up to you
Make your dreams and ideals come true
Or sit tight and let the future pass on through
The rest is up to you
You ain't the luckiest of guys
And you ain't anywhere near wise
The winds of change are too bright for your eyes
But you wanna have all the luck
Stuff all the wisdom junk in your trunk
And live holding your head up high
The rest is up to you, yes
It's all up to you People might call you naive
And say you're not doing it right
But the rest is up to you
Don't lose your way, and push on anew
It's all up to you
Light a fire in every cell of your body
By taking a deep, long breath
Turn your blood and tears into offerings
Carry a torch fueled by your desires
And scream out at full volume Let there be light
With a prayer for the future, start your sprint
Let there be light, use the dark as your runway
And sprint through the path you chose
Let there be light, believe in the glory within your grasp
And run headlong into the despair in front of you
Let there be light
There is only one reason I kick the ground
It is so I shine brighter and soar higher than before
Let there be light, so that your brilliance of today
Shows your friends who are lost The way to the future
To those who bear the cross of their dreams
The warriors who seek eternal glory Let there be light
Episode Six: The Chemical Change of Encounters
Episode Seven: Obsession Episode Seven: Obsession
Karasuno Karasuno Araigawa Araigawa
Karasuno                   Shiratorizawa
Karasuno                  Shiratorizawa
Be Courageous Warriors Be Courageous Warriors
Karasuno                   Shiratorizawa
Karasuno Karasuno Araigawa Araigawa
Karasuno                    Shiratorizawa
Karasuno High School vs. Shiratorizawa Academy
Karasuno High School vs. Shiratorizawa Academy !!
!!
Haikyuu Haikyuu !!
Haikyuu !!
Haikyuu